water of it off okay put a little bit of
the scrape this off this is a little bit
hard the only thing it's a little bit
put this in here
and I'm just going to put a little bit
of this around the block head right now
okay so it looks like an out yep
actually have an L I'm just going to
trim a little bit just so he's not
squared
really touching might have to be soup
that one the 90 has to be shoot way
mainly for the ears okay so make sure
this is ad nice and tight and then it's
a little bit hard because I had it in
the freezer
the temperature is the main things
easily and I'm just going to scrape it
okay there's no
you want to get it from here how did you
know just by instinct how much take yeah
how many years you been doing this since
I was about four see it's actually just
a lot of molding its art and none of
them come out the same every one is
different
sure play with place yes she likes
playing with place and I'm going to just
see how this is not see opps not
symmetrical I'm just going to take a
little bit of it off here oh just to
make them more symmetrical Cheers
do the same thing see the shape of the
knife a lot of people make it
differently my sister Bernadette takes
the corner and makes it out of like a
triangle I like to mold it according to
the shape oh okay I see and that way
you'll always get it they'll both be the
same yep my hands are clean though so I
open okay and then you just push it a
little bit I said yep
I'd be careful not to cut yourself yet
and catch on from there that's also is
that nice too here's a loop and then
someone will help me to put the little
curlicues ad right you squeeze for me
I made a bunch of crosses today oh
really
yeah so I've got
hmm and then we can make them like to
pee back you have your form awesome
there he is naked lamb take it Leah but
I'm gonna help me squeeze want to help
me squeeze you're going to help me
squeeze the curlicues be ready